{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2868
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid401\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid402\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid5}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww19480\viewh20100\viewkind0
\deftab560
\pard\pardeftab560\sa40\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf0 \uc0\u55357 \u56589 
\f1\b  Temperature Run Reflection\
\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 The Through the Looking Glass Run.\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf0 "In the gardens of memory, in the palace of dreams, that is where you and I will meet."
\f1\b \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 Temperature:
\f0\b0  0.0\uc0\u8232 
\f1\b Date / Time:
\f0\b0  3/4/2026 / 11:35PM\
\
\
 \
1\uc0\u65039 \u8419 
\f1\b  Surprise\
\pard\pardeftab560\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f2\b0\fs18 \cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f0\fs26 Did anything genuinely surprise me?\
\ls1\ilvl0
\f2\fs18 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f0\fs26 What line or moment felt most novel?\
\ls1\ilvl0
\f2\fs18 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f0\fs26 Did it surface something I had not consciously articulated before?\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Notes: yes, the AI came up with an interesting metaphor to music and jazz.\
\
2\uc0\u65039 \u8419 
\f1\b  Precision\
\pard\pardeftab560\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\f2\b0\fs18 \cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f0\fs26 Did the language feel sharp or diffuse?\
\ls2\ilvl0
\f2\fs18 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f0\fs26 Did it tighten my thinking or blur it?\
\ls2\ilvl0
\f2\fs18 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f0\fs26 Was the central conflict cleanly exposed?\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Notes: the language felt very intelligent and cohesive. It definitely pushed me to think. However, in this particular example, it was pushing me to think about things that I've been thinking about a lot anyhow so something a little bit more novel might've worked better for me personally, but I think the concept is verified. Yes the central conflict was clearly exposed. We're talking about subjective meaning not measurable results.\
\
3\uc0\u65039 \u8419 
\f1\b  Productive Friction\
\pard\pardeftab560\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0
\f2\b0\fs18 \cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f0\fs26 Did it increase useful tension?\
\ls3\ilvl0
\f2\fs18 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f0\fs26 Did it challenge me in a way that felt constructive?\
\ls3\ilvl0
\f2\fs18 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f0\fs26 Or did it feel noisy or overcomplicated?\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Notes: yes it increased useful tension. It clarified and it's simplified all of the things that I asked to do.\
\
4\uc0\u65039 \u8419 
\f1\b  Tone & Feel\
\pard\pardeftab560\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\f2\b0\fs18 \cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f0\fs26 Did it feel calm, incisive, destabilizing, playful, clinical, or flat?\
\ls4\ilvl0
\f2\fs18 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f0\fs26 Did the tone match the seriousness of the idea?\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Notes: tone was just about right it was intelligent and helpful, but not sycophantic, yes, it took the idea seriously.\
\
5\uc0\u65039 \u8419 
\f1\b  Cognitive Aftertaste\
\pard\pardeftab560\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls5\ilvl0
\f2\b0\fs18 \cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f0\fs26 After reading it, did I want to:\
\pard\pardeftab560\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls5\ilvl1
\f2\fs18 \cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f0\fs26 Refine the idea?\
\ls5\ilvl1
\f2\fs18 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f0\fs26 Push deeper?\
\ls5\ilvl1
\f2\fs18 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f0\fs26 Defend myself?\
\ls5\ilvl1
\f2\fs18 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f0\fs26 Ignore it?\
\ls5\ilvl1
\f2\fs18 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f0\fs26 Act on it?\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Notes: I thought the synthesis was a significant improvement over the input. That alone is a worthwhile result. Did it really push me deeper into considering the problem? I'm not sure it asked to be questions that we're highly relevant. They were questions that did not necessarily have answers. I'm sure that the AI knew that. And was simply making sure if I did and how I might work around it. I guess that's what it's supposed to do. Was it a particularly creative exchange. No. It gave me clarity in a creative way, but the conceptual engine did not trigger a creative aha moment. Something that connected that I didn't get otherwise as a matter of fact, it might have actually squelched the thinking if I were someone different. Considering the question, it was very easy for me to answer the AI's challenge since I've been thinking about it a lot lately however, for someone else they might've gotten a little intimidated there thinking oh maybe I can't do this. I don't want the AI to agree with everything, but the challenge brought in real holes in the project that I simply see as opportunities.\
\
6\uc0\u65039 \u8419 
\f1\b  Overall Delight (0\'9610)\

\f0\b0 Score: 8.5\
Why: overall, this result is highly satisfying and shows a very high level of facility in pattern, recognition structure, and creative communication. I wish the final questions were a little bit more insightful, and prompted a more creative response from within me. The actual result was the answer its questions with the defense of my thesis. I have no problem doing that but again that's my particular reaction to this so that final prompt to me that challenged my thinking could have been more constructive rather than just purely challenging. \
}